Hey guys welcome back.
So by now we should hopefully have the values inserting your database correctly if not news let me know
how happy I with that.
But what we do now is go back to these parts that we said we do a couple of years ago the check if the
user name exists and check if females exist.
We waited until now because we went to went to if I had some information in there to check against.
So let's go into the now it's really simple.
There's not much to it.
I'm going to only move this comment because I mean to do it now all you do is write a check user name
querying like that check username equals priscu ally.
Then the score query this like that and the query PA inaudible quote is going to be a select username
from users.
Where the user name he calls you end like that you.
Is this very right here username.
Don't forget with their last single quote.
So we are selecting all the user names from the users table which match this which should only be one
case.
So some girl on underneath all you do is use an if statement but says if my Escuela underscore none
and the school rose like that inside there put your check username query that you made above check username
query.
Same one goes in there.
Okay.
So if my esco I know Rose is not equal to zero.
If is anything other than zero.
Dan we're going to array bursch and inside there just like you were doing exactly the same things you
do with these error messages.
So this paro Error array like that.
And then do can't stance.
And and we haven't created this one yet but we'll create this them.
And let's just call it user name taken like that.
So when I pressed this arrange to there and then you can just return you only to return since this is
the last one to go return after this anyway.
But you can just put that in there just for some consistency.
So we have to create this user take on one of our breaks open the Constance folder constants.
It's in your classes folder and then you have to make a username take and wants to copy and paste one
of those changes to your user name take it and make sure it matches what you inserted right there.
Username taken and then we can just write this user name are ready.
All ready exists like that.
Okay.
And then if you remember we also have to insert that here to get down to where we have the username
copy and paste that and we can do prep using the user name taken like that.
Okay.
So that's utzon and it is actually sending e-mail.
So copy and paste that don't go down to your validate e-mails one replace this comment with that change
this to check e-mail query and then you'll say well no replace in here two for check e-mail query and
here we're going to select the email from users where email equals e m like that which is the variable
here.
And if Check your macro number those is not equal to zero array perch.
And this is going to be the email taken by that case go to Constance page and create that one.
I'll paste it up here where the other e-mail addresses are so we can just call this email taken like
that.
This email is already in use.
This email is already in use and ready.
This email taken to the Constance glass now go to the register class.
Scroll down to the email.
Error messages are a copy and paste one those lines and changes to email taken like that.
So if we're going to test this out now.
If I try and use a username it's really taken care of them are in here.
I also try to use an email.
Sorry tag and so I think I use this app to email dot com seem calm.
A password password.
Password.
Sign out now.
This username what exists.
And this email exists too.
So there we go.
It works.